Big brother, there is something behind your back.
October What are you two talking about?
Why, brother, am I joking with this big brother?
October Have you forgotten what I told you?
No I remember
You can't be a slave to others or say strange things.
I can stay where I am
Remember you in October
Come and eat
This guy is a cross between a human and a tone difference.
It was thrown at the entrance of Yaminzhuan back then.
It’s my master. Let’s talk about it.
Since it was cut in October, I chose October.
Then why can't you eat Yuan Baoxian Zhu?
Because brother Heshang said
I can only become a human by eating human food
Ping An rises
If you eat the members to protect the rural people
You can only become Yin Sha
Never grow up again
The last thing you just watched
Tell me if it's true or a lie.
This time it's courageous
I don't blame you it's true
Ask us to come
He just disappeared. Is that what you saw?
Still worth the price
Play with your long hair
Look at the conditions, you're not a big brother
The one behind you
He is also a big brother. He is not a big brother who is wrong.
If I take a closer look, I look very much in love with you.
what is possible